---
layout: post
title: Angry
categories: [thoughts]
---

I don't want to be angry.

And I'm not.

But I am tired of people trying to make me angry.

As of late, there seems to be a constant stream of accusations, outrage, and a general miasma of "can you believe" from those who want me to be angry. They want me to be mad at something that's happened, something that was said, some clearly evil thing that was done.

<!--more-->

And when I don't, they don't understand.

How can I not be angry that the democrats are stealing the election with massive fraud?

How can I not be angry that Trump is undermining democracy itself with so many unfounded lawsuits?

How can I not be angry that Antifa is tearing down our cities?

How can I not be angry that Fascism — and it's brother, Racism — is so clearly on the rise?

...that there is so much corruption among the rich, controlling the media?

...that our children are being taught to hate their own whiteness?

...that racism is still so deeply embedded in our legal systems and society?

...the middle class is declining?

...our world is choking on pollution, dying before our eyes?

...and we're under assault from violent immigrants?

...who's children we hold in cages, cut off from their parents?

Do I need to go on? Do you see the absurdity in our national dialog? It's an endless litany of empty accusations. But nobody is trying to solve the problems so much as to point fingers.

It's all _their_ fault, don't you see? _They're_ ruining America. We're on the verge of collapse; _they_ will take it all away. It's either us or them, and if you're not for us, you're against us.

But I don't want to be angry.

I don't, and I won't.

Yes, there are issues that need to be addressed. And there are kernels of truth within all this rage, but nothing will be solved until we can stop blaming others and _start_ discussing the issues. There are solutions and they can be had, but not before we set down our swords and aside our hate, and consider that your fellow American is not evil no matter how different their opinion.

And perhaps, just perhaps, they might even have a valid point.

I want to have those conversations, those discussions where viewpoints are respected and considered. But if you're intent is to get me angry, to blame someone else, or to stir up outrage at your pet conspiracy theory, then I have no interest in talking to you.

I will not be angry with you, but I will not hear you either. So far as I'm concerned, so long as you're pointing fingers at others, then you _are_ the problem.

If, however, you want to embrace dissenting opinions for the diversity they provide in an effort to solve the problems of our society, I would love to talk.

For I have missed those conversations dearly.

