# The Decline of the Privileged Majority

I know a lot of people who were utterly flabbergasted when Trump won in 2016. It seemed impossible that someone with such obvious low brow and inflammatory rhetoric could actually win the presidency. To make matters worse he was obviously sexist and racist... and clearly aimed to turn America into a dictatorship. He idolizes Putin for Christ's sake! He's creating a cabal! A mafia! He's single handedly bringing on the rise of fascism! 

Why then did so many vote for him?

Nails were bitten to the nub by the far-left huddled in a dark corner while the KKK rejoiced and burned the world to the ground around them. The conclusion became inescapable: our country is filled with racist and fascists. All progress was illusory; all attempts at equality nothing more than the last gasp of drowning man. America has voted, and they've voted death to progress, death to equality, death to all good things.

Who knew the world was filled with so many evil people?

But far from retreating into dark despair, the left have girded their loins and stepped up to raise voice and fist, to show just _exactly_ how Trump is a racist, and fascist, and evil, and clearly an idiot. And anyone who votes for him must also therefore either be stupid, ignorant, or evil themselves.

And it's gotten worse. While our darker skinned brothers share their plight from both systemic and overt racism embedded into the fabric of our society, the privileged stand by with snide smiles and repeat the mantra, "But _all_ lives matters." Like watching your neighbor's house burn down with their children inside; "But all houses matter," they say as the children scream.

And if America could just _see_ it, if we just point out how evil the other is, then perhaps they will see if for themselves and change.

Because pointing out the faults of others has always been a sure-fire strategy to instigate change.

----

Yet the problem is clear. The left, they're corrupt. It's always been there, obscured in the dark, hidden by money. They walk in the light, using their money to hide their sins while they offer Turkish Delights and socialistic bliss if only we would give up the very liberties that formed our once great nation.

They gut the middle class to pad their overstuffed pockets by selling our jobs — the same jobs that helped make America great — out to the lowest, foreign bidder. As if that's not enough, they invite immigrants to flood in purely because they know these outcasts will do the jobs for penny on the dollar. Hell, if they do it right, they won't even pay taxes.

And then comes a man actually willing to stand up to all the corruption, a man who will fight for the common man, a man who's willing to do whatever it takes to bring jobs back to the hard working middle class. He's not eloquent; he's not perfect; he says the wrong things at the wrong times, and sometime he says the utterly comprehensible. But he's _our_ man. We don't want eloquent; we want someone to stand up for us. We don't care that he makes mistakes, or says the wrong things; he promised to bring our jobs back, to give back to the common, hard working man the dignity he deserves.

And here's the thing the left can never understand, can never admit: he did.

Jobs are up, pay is up, and the common man as a whole is better off than they were before. Trump built a wall to keep the left from raping immigrants to steal from the hard working; he brought manufacturing jobs back; he stood up to China and forced them to stop stealing our money, our jobs, our dignity.

And what does the left do? They berate him for his gaffes and laugh at him for mistaken words; they demonise his very human weaknesses— as though being human was a crime! As if that were not enough, they blame him for a virus, a virus that suspiciously allows the left to close down whole cities and utterly destroy the livelihoods of the most hard working using nothing more than fear.

And then they riot. All while they speak of equality and justice, demeaning Trump for imagined slights, they arrange for "protests" and attack our cities under the guise of standing up for minorities.

Never mind those same minorities had benefited greatly under Trump, given the same privileges as any hard working man. Never mind that those hit hardest by all these quarantines and closures are the very minorities they claim to support. 

And so the middle class can finally stand tall and proud against the corruption that has so long been eating away at our country.

----

I grew up republican to an uneducated middle-class family, but over the years I've drifted to the point where I'm essentially independent. I've abandoned some beliefs, picked up others, and overall ended up with some mishmash of both Democratic and Republican ideas with a spattering of my own mixed in for good measure. 

So let's get one thing out of the way: I _am_ biased.

I have opinions and ideas and things I think that should or should not be.

I've gone from barely making enough to meet rent, to being a successful, white-collar, work-from-home, privileged white male who is married to a doctor.

And oh God, but I am a very privileged, white male. I'm the epitome of privilege: we buy a brand new iPhone every year because we want one and we _can_. I don't notice inequality because _I don't have to._  

...

Actually, scratch that last sentence. I don't simply not have to notice inequality, it's actively hidden from me. I live in a community of like-minded folds, in a city of like-minded folks, and we all live in houses that would make most American's green with envy.

And because of all this privilege, I don't need to worry about a job. If my wife lost hers, mine would support us; if I lost mine, my wife's would be more than enough (yeah, she makes a lot more than me). We're _secure_ in our life, unworried about China, unworried about suddenly loosing our jobs. We live in a place where our kids our practically guaranteed a fantastic education, right up through college.

We're living my version of the American dream and I wouldn't give it up for the world.

So no, I cannot be unbiased, because I like my life.

But I have friends on both sides of the isles, 




[^1]: I _have_ known racists, distantly related, but they were old when I was young and they're all dead now.
